README.md, before:

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Create Project Directory

Create a directory to contain both the frontend and backend applications:  
`mkdir <your-preferred-directory-name>`


### 2. Clone Repositories
Navigate to the newly created directory and clone the frontend and backend repositories:

`cd your-created-directory`  
`git clone https://github.com/yloading/movies-app-frontend.git`  
`git clone https://github.com/yloading/movies-app-backend.git`  

Your directory structure should look like this:

your-created-directory  
│  
├── movies-app-backend  
└── movies-app-frontend  

#### NOTE: You can verify that no JSON file has been created yet in `movies-app-backend/src/data`. The scraping process will occur during the docker execution process, at which point a `movies.json` file will be generated.

### 3. Install Docker
Download and install Docker for your operating system from [Docker's official website.](https://www.docker.com/)

After installation, verify that Docker is running correctly by opening a terminal and running:  
`docker --version`  
`docker-compose --version`  

### 4. Obtain Host Machine IP Address
To access the application, you need your host machine's IP address.  
For macOS:  
 - Open a terminal and run: `ifconfig`  
 - Look for the section that starts with en0 or en1 (depending on whether you're using Wi-Fi or Ethernet). The IP address is listed under inet.

For Windows:  
  - Open Command Prompt and run: `ipconfig`  
  - Locate the section under your active network adapter (e.g., "Ethernet adapter" or "Wireless LAN adapter"). The IP address is listed as "IPv4 Address" or "IPv4".

### 5. Start Docker Containers
Navigate to the backend directory and start the Docker containers:  
`cd movies-app-backend`  
`docker compose up`  

### 6. Access the Application
Open your preferred web browser and navigate to the application using the following URL format:  
`http://<host.machine.ip.address>:5173`

Please be aware that data scraping occurs during the Docker Compose process. If you need to execute it manually, ensure you have Node.js version 20.17.0 installed and run the command `npm run scrape`.

Commit message:

modified readme file, includes setting up dokcer desktop

README.md, after:

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Create Project Directory

Create a directory to contain both the frontend and backend applications:  
`mkdir <your-preferred-directory-name>`


### 2. Clone Repositories
Navigate to the newly created directory and clone the frontend and backend repositories:

`cd your-created-directory`  
`git clone https://github.com/yloading/movies-app-frontend.git`  
`git clone https://github.com/yloading/movies-app-backend.git`  

Your directory structure should look like this:

your-created-directory  
│  
├── movies-app-backend  
└── movies-app-frontend  

#### NOTE: You can verify that no JSON file has been created yet in `movies-app-backend/src/data`. The scraping process will occur during the docker execution process, at which point a `movies.json` file will be generated.

### 3. Install Docker
Download and install Docker for your operating system from [Docker's official website.](https://www.docker.com/)

After installation, 
1. Open Docker Desktop and agree to the Service Agreement.
2. For this project, select "Use recommended settings" and click "Finish."
3. Create your account (you can use Google Sign-In for this method).

Verify that Docker is running correctly by opening a terminal and running:  
`docker --version`  
`docker-compose --version`  



### 4. Obtain Host Machine IP Address
To access the application, you need your host machine's IP address.  
For macOS:  
 - Open a terminal and run: `ifconfig`  
 - Look for the section that starts with en0 or en1 (depending on whether you're using Wi-Fi or Ethernet). The IP address is listed under inet.

For Windows:  
  - Open Command Prompt and run: `ipconfig`  
  - Locate the section under your active network adapter (e.g., "Ethernet adapter" or "Wireless LAN adapter"). The IP address is listed as "IPv4 Address" or "IPv4".

### 5. Start Docker Containers
Navigate to the backend directory and start the Docker containers:  
`cd movies-app-backend`  
`docker compose up`  

### 6. Access the Application
Open your preferred web browser and navigate to the application using the following URL format:  
`http://<host.machine.ip.address>:5173`

Please be aware that data scraping occurs during the Docker Compose process. If you need to execute it manually, ensure you have Node.js version 20.17.0 installed and run the command `npm run scrape`.
